# Atlassian Confluence

### Advantages

#### 1. Content management

Content management includes the creation, maintenance, organization, and deletion of content. The content creation tools are easy to use and include a variety of functions- from basic text formatting, creating tables all the way to linking documents and embedding macros.

The content can be organized into separate spaces, sorted and arranged in hierarchical order as required.

#### 2. Search

This tool supports a full-text search for all the content. The search results will include any matching results for the text in the pages main content and comments. This results in a very detailed search.

#### 3. Confluence Templates

This tool comes with some best practices templates that can be used to create pre-formatted pages.

#### 4. Integration with JIRA

JIRA and Confluence are both developed by Atlassian and have seamless integration with each other. The development work can be tracked in JIRA and the corresponding reports can be generated by automatic linking.

#### 5. Page and File versioning

As this is a collaboration tool, needless to say, it would be used by various cross-functional teams at all levels multiple times. To keep track of the changes made since the last edit, Confluence saves the older version of pages and files automatically.

This older version can be used to compare the difference or even revert the last edit if required.

#### 6. Feedback

Team feedback in form of comments can be put on the pages and always referred to or even searched for when required.

#### 7. User Management

User and group-based permissions can be set up. It is even possible to set up separate viewing, editing and admin permissions for each space. We will discuss the concept of spaces in the next section.

#### 8. Add-ons and plugins

This tool has a wide range of available add-on plugins that can be used to perform function above and beyond what standard the tool has to offer. Some popular add-ons are Draw.io Diagrams, Balsamiq Mockups, Scroll PDF exporter, etc.
